this is fun what was it so much fun to
hang out it is you and to be with you it
is fun to be here I never see you I know
we don't see each other I guess that we
used to be neighbors you're off yes we
did we live not just neighbors but we
literally lived right across the street
from each other and sometimes and when I
say sometimes I mean at least once a
week John would call and say like hey
what are you doing which really meant do
you have anything to eat yeah yeah
that's right
before I was saying what are you doing
so I could see if you were home or not
because we would start to you know play
some fun on each other we'd have some
fun as true we've been many people like
the pranks take a look at some of the
pranks what do you mean I just write
okay oh oh you have oh yeah yeah no I
came prepared
how come that was me when I put some
amazing Christmas ornaments in your live
this is how it started yeah that was and
it was adorable you broke into the house
yeah and as I recall my wife Molly was
upstairs and you guys like one of the he
didn't yes he was up there no we didn't
care she yeah we put that we put
ornaments in your living room right it's
a very retaliated harmless prank yeah
yeah you know just the lights is fun
it's a light show and you were hope you
were tallying oh we have a whole thing
yeah you put an insurance sign in my
driveway it was big I bought that on
Craigslist
it's dangerous it could have could have
exploded then what a surprise walked out
that way right there yeah and then we
just kept moving into what do we do what
do we get to name I don't remember
zombie bro Yeah right
yes on the lane and was deep in the
SkyMall brochure and found this
gentleman named Randall and that gave me
quite a start in the backyard you
retaliated with this inflatable reindeer
things are getting more aggressive that
was um all the 20s there was poop that's
real poop reindeer yes yep that was all
my sneakers for weeks and and then I
thought this is getting too much you
know and then that's it wasn't too much
we kept going didn't we get yes and this
is you decorating my house yes i
gift-wrapped your house
yep like yep you like you couldn't even
get in that now and then I wrapped your
car you gift wrap my car and I put
ornaments in your car yeah that was a
mess yep that was then I crashed your
car yes
remember with it remember when it
started out innocent and then I crashed
your car yeah that was enough yeah oh
and this I sent you a Secret Santa yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah that was outside my
office this was in your office yeah yeah
that was that's in my bathroom
I didn't even know they existed until
then and then we decorated your entire
offices as a winter wonderland oh yeah
that's right oh yeah I was terrible and
then you ruined everything especially a
really nice
[Applause]
hey go yeah that uh that ruined my night
and a really nice suit yeah we got now
you didn't you know that's that's just
what it's like to be neighbors this is
why you move food but the good news is
we're neighbors this week we are names
this week and so you know where are you
staying
oh no come on no where you saying I
we're n doesn't matter
[Applause]
that is really the place that I'm ready
no this choir singing that everyone
should come into your
[Music]
[Applause]
Jimmy's baby
[Music]
there are a hundred and fifty people
lined up and take this tour as soon as
the choirs done they're all gonna go in
so I would just say guys if you're in
Brooklyn which you already are get your
kids a trick-or-treat early Brooklyn
you'll see it you'll know it you'll know
it's a bright light yeah oh yeah well
you know it's funny you would say that
John because I also know where you live
I wish I was more prepared I do know
where you live but I didn't do anything
yeah it's not even Christmas time
children are there
Jimmy's kids are there my kids are there
also yeah that's pretty well well I
guess thank you I guess we'll be staying
with you and Emily tonight probably know
we'll be at your John Krasinski
everybody
[Applause]
on Amazon Prime we'll be right back
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it